.. _v1.4.1.2:

git-cola v1.4.1.2
=================
Usability, bells and whistles
-----------------------------
* It is now possible to checkout from the index as well
  as from `HEAD`.  This corresponds to the
  `Removed Unstaged Changes` action in the `Repository Status` tool.
* The `remote` dialogs (fetch, push, pull) are now slightly
  larger by default.
* Bookmarks can be selected when `git cola` is run outside of a git repository.
* Added more user documentation.  We now include many links to
  external git resources.
* Added `git dag` to the available tools.
  `git dag` is a node-based DAG history browser.
  It doesn't do much yet, but it's been merged so that we can start
  building and improving upon it.

Fixes
-----
* Fixed a missing ``import`` when showing `right-click` actions
  for unmerged files in the `Repository Status` tool.
* ``git update-index --refresh`` is no longer run every time
  ``git cola version`` is run.
* Don't try to watch non-existent directories when using `inotify`.
* Use ``git rev-parse --symbolic-full-name`` plumbing to find
  the name of the current branch.

Packaging
---------
* The ``Makefile`` will now conditionally include a ``config.mak``
  file located at the root of the project.  This allows for user
  customizations such as changes to the `prefix` variable
  to be stored in a file so that custom settings do not need to
  be specified every time on the command-line.
* The build scripts no longer require a ``.git`` directory to
  generate the ``builtin_version.py`` module.  The release tarballs
  now include a ``version`` file at the root of the project which
  is used in lieu of having the git repository available.
  This allows for ``make clean && make`` to function outside of
  a git repository.
* Added maintainer's ``make dist`` target to the ``Makefile``.
* The built-in `simplejson` and `jsonpickle` libraries can be
  excluded from ``make install`` by specifying the ``standalone=true``
  `make` variable.  For example, ``make standalone=true install``.
  This corresponds to the ``--standalone`` option to ``setup.py``.

