.. _v1.4.2:

git-cola v1.4.2
===============
Usability, bells and whistles
-----------------------------
* Added support for the configurable ``guitool.<tool>.*``
  actions as described in ``git-config(1)``.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/issues/44

  http://schacon.github.com/git/git-config.html

  This makes it possible to add new actions to `git cola`
  by simply editing ``~/.gitconfig``.  This implements the
  same guitool support as `git gui`.
* Introduced a stat cache to speed up `git config` and
  repository status checks.
* Added Alt-key shortcuts to the main `git cola` interface.
* The `Actions` dock widget switches between a horizontal
  and vertical layout when resized.
* We now use ``git diff --submodule`` for submodules
  (used when git >= 1.6.6).
* The context menu for modified submodules includes an option
  to launch `git cola`.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/issues/17

* Prefer ``$VISUAL`` over ``$EDITOR`` when both are defined.
  These are used to set a default editor in lieu of `core.editor`
  configuration.
* Force the editor to be ``gvim`` when we see ``vim``.
  This prevents us from launching an editor in the (typically
  unattached) parent terminal and creating zombie editors
  that cannot be easily killed.
* Selections are remembered and restored across updates.
  This makes the `partial-staging` workflow easier since the
  diff view will show the updated diff after staging.
* Show the path to the current repository in a tooltip
  over the commit message editor.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/issues/45

* Log internal ``git`` commands when ``GIT_COLA_TRACE`` is defined.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/issues/39

Fixes
-----
* Improved backwards compatibility for Python 2.4.
* `Review mode` can now review the current branch; it no longer
  requires you to checkout the branch into which the reviewed
  branch will be merged.
* Guard against `color.ui = always` configuration when using
  `git log` by passing ``--no-color``.
* ``yes`` and ``no`` are now supported as valid booleans
  by the `git config` parser.
* Better defaults are used for `fetch`, `push`, and `pull`..

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/issues/43

Packaging
---------
* Removed colon (`:`) from the applilcation name on Windows

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/issues/41

* Fixed bugs with the Windows installer

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/issues/40

* Added a more standard i18n infrastructure.  The install
  tree now has the common ``share/locale/$lang/LC_MESSAGES/git-cola.mo``
  layout in use by several projects.

* Started trying to accommodate Mac OSX 10.6 (Snow Leopard)
  in the ``darwin/`` build scripts but our tester is yet to
  report success building a `.app` bundle.

* Replaced use of ``perl`` in Sphinx/documentation Makefile
  with more-portable ``sed`` constructs.  Thanks to
  Stefan Naewe for discovering the portability issues and
  providing msysgit-friendly patches.
