.. _v1.7.2:

git-cola v1.7.2
===============
Usability, bells and whistles
-----------------------------
* `git cola` can now launch sub commands, e.g.:

.. sourcecode:: sh

    git cola classic
    git cola stash
    git cola fetch
    git cola push
    git cola pull
    git cola tag

* `git dag` is more responsive when gathering auto-completions.

* Keyboard shortcuts are displayed when the '?' key is pressed.

* Various keyboard shortcuts were added for improved usability.

* The status widget now lists unmerged files before modified files.

* vim-style `h,j,k,l` navigation shortcuts were added to the status widget.

* A 'Recently Modified Files...' tool was added.

* Tools can now be hidden with `Alt + #` (where `#` is a keyboard number)
  and focused with `Alt + Shift + #`.

* The syntax highlighting colors for diffs was made less intrusive.

* The commit message editor was redesigned to have a more compact
  and keyboard-convenient user interface.
  
* Keyboard shortcuts for adding a Signed-off-by (`Ctrl + i`)
  and creating a commit (`Ctrl + m`) were added.

* The status widget was adjusted to use less screen real-estate.

Fixes
-----
* Avoid updating the index when responding to inotify events.
  This avoids interfering with operations such as `git rebase --interactive`.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/issues/99

Packaging
---------
* Create `git-dag.pyw` in the win32 installer.

* win32 shortcuts now contain explicit calls to `pythonw.exe` instead of
  calling the `.pyw` file directly.

Deprecated Features
-------------------
* The 'Apply Changes from Branch...' feature was removed.
  `git dag`'s 'Grab File...' feature used alongside the index/worktree editor
  is a simpler alternative.
