.. _v1.8.4:

git-cola v1.8.4
=======================
Usability, bells and whistles
-----------------------------
* Brand new German translation thanks to Sven Claussner.

* The "File" menu now provides a "New Repository..." menu action.

* `git dag` now uses a dock-widget interface so that its widgets can
  be layed-out and arranged.  Customizations are saved and restored
  the next time `git dag` is launched.

* `git dag` now has a "Zoom Best Fit" button next alongside the
  "Zoom In" and "Zoom Out" buttons.

* `Ctrl+L` now focuses the "Search" field in the `git dag` tool.

* Right-clicking in the "diff" viewer now updates the cursor position
  before performing actions, which makes it much easier to click around
  and selectively stage sections.  Previously, the current cursor position
  was used which meant that it required two clicks (left-click to update
  the position followed by right-click to get the context menu) for the
  desired section to be used.  This is now a single right-click operation.

* The `Ctrl+D` "Launch Diff Tool" action learned to automatically choose
  between `git difftool` and `git mergetool`.  If the file is unmerged then
  we automatically launch `git mergetool` on the path, otherwise we use
  `git difftool`.  We do this because `git difftool` is not intended to
  be used on unmerged paths.  Automatically using `git mergetool` when
  appropriate is the most intuitive and muscle-memory-friendly thing to do.

* You can now right-click on folders in your standard file browser
  and choose "Open With -> Git Cola"  (Linux-only).

Fixes
-----
* Python 2.6 on Mac OS X Snow Leopard does not provide a namedtuple
  at `sys.version_info`.  We now avoid using that variable for better
  portability.

* We now read the user's Git configuration from `~/.config/git/config`
  if that file is available, otherwise we use the traditional `~/.gitconfig`
  path, just like Git itself.

* Some edge cases were fixed when applying partial/selected diffs.

* The diff viewer is now properly cleared when refreshing.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/issues/194
