.. _v1.8.3:

git-cola v1.8.3
===============
Usability, bells and whistles
-----------------------------
* The diff viewer now has an "Options" menu which can be
  used to set "git diff" options.  This can be used to
  ignore whitespace changes or to show a change with its
  surrounding function as context.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/issues/150

* `git cola` now remembers your commit message and will restore it
  when `git cola` is restarted.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/pull/175

* `Ctrl+M` can now be used to toggle the "Amend last commit"
  checkbox in the commit message editor.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/pull/161

* Deleting remote branches can now be done from the "Branch" menu.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/issues/152

* The commit message editor now has a built-in spell checker.

Fixes
-----
* We now avoid invoking external diffs when showing diffstats.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/pull/163

* The `Status` tool learned to reselect files when refreshing.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/issues/165

* `git cola` now remembers whether it has been maximized and will restore the
  maximized state when `git cola` is restarted.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/issues/172

* Performance is now vastly improved when staging hundreds or
  thousands of files.

* `git cola` was not correctly saving repo-specific configuration.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/issues/174

* Fix a UnicodeDecode in sphinxtogithub when building from source.
