.. _v1.8.0:

git-cola v1.8.0
===============
Usability, bells and whistles
-----------------------------
* `git cola` learned to honor `.gitattributes` when showing and
  interactively applying diffs.  This makes it possible to store
  files in git using a non-utf-8 encoding and `git cola` will
  properly accept them.  This must be enabled by settings
  `cola.fileattributes` to true, as it incurs a small performance
  penalty.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/issues/96

* `git cola` now wraps commit messages at 72 columns automatically.
  This is configurable using the `cola.linebreak` variable to enable/disable
  the feature, and `cola.textwidth` to configure the limit.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/issues/133

* A new "Open Recent" sub-menu was added to the "File" menu.
  This makes it easy to open a recently-edited repository.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/issues/135

* We now show a preview for untracked files when they are clicked
  using the `Status` tool.
* A new "Open Using Default Application" action was added to the
  `Status` tool.  It is activated using either `Spacebar` or through
  the context menu.  This action uses `xdg-open` on Linux and
  `open` on Mac OS X.
* A new "Open Parent Directory" action was added to the `Status` tool.
  It is activated using either `Shift+Spacebar` or through the
  context menu.
* `git dag` learned to honor the `log.date` git configuration variable.
  This makes the date display follow whatever format the user has
  configured.
* A new `git cola config` sub-command was added for quickly
  tweaking `git cola`'s git configuration settings.
* Some small usability tweaks -- some user confirmation prompts
  were defaulting to "Cancel" when they should have been defaulting
  to the affirmative option instead.

Fixes
-----
* Properly handle arbitrarily-named branches.
* We went back to launching `git mergetool` using an xterm.
  The reason is that there are a couple of places where `git mergetool`
  requires a terminal for user interaction not covered by `--no-prompt`.
* We now properly handle an edge case when applying short diffs at
  the start of a file.
