.. _v2.0.8:

git-cola v2.0.8
===============
Usability, bells and whistles
-----------------------------
* `git cola` can now create GPG-signed commits and merges.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/issues/149

  See the documentation for details about setting up a GPG agent.

* The status widget learned to copy relative paths when `Ctrl+x` is pressed.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/issues/358

* Custom GUI actions can now define their own keyboard shortcuts by
  setting `guitool.$name.shortcut` to a string understood by Qt's
  `QAction::setShortcut()` API, e.g. `Alt+X`.

  See http://qt-project.org/doc/qt-4.8/qkeysequence.html#QKeySequence-2
  for more details about the supported values.

* `git cola` learned to rename branches.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/pull/364

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/issues/278

* `git dag` now has a "Show history" context menu which can be used to filter
  history using the selected paths.

Fixes
-----
* `sphinxtogithub.py` was fixed for Python3.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/pull/353

* The commit that changed how we read remotes from `git remote`
  to parsing `git config` was reverted since it created problems
  for some users.

* Fixed a crash when using the `rebase edit` feature.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/issues/351

* Better drag-and-drop behavior when dropping into gnome-terminal.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/issues/373

Packaging
---------
* The `git-cola-folder-handler.desktop` file handler was fixed
  to pass validation by `desktop-file-validate`.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/issues/356

* The `git.svg` icon was renamed to `git-cola.svg`, and `git cola` was taught
  to prefer icons from the desktop theme when available.
