.. _v2.0.4:

git-cola v2.0.4
===============
Usability, bells and whistles
-----------------------------
* We now handle the case when inotify `add_watch()` fails
  and display instructions on how to increase the number of watches.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/issues/263

* New and improved zh_TW localization thanks to Ｖ字龍(Vdragon).

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/pull/265

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/pull/267

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/pull/268

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/issues/269

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/pull/270

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/pull/271

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/pull/272

* New hotkeys: `Ctrl+F` for fetch, `Ctrl+P` for push,
  and `Ctrl+Shift+P` for pull.

* The bookmarks widget's context menu actions were made clearer.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/issues/281

* The term "Staging Area" is used consistently in the UI
  to allow for better localization.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/issues/283

* The "Section" term is now referred to as "Diff Region"
  in the UI.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/issues/297

* The localization documentation related to the LANGUAGE
  environment variable was improved.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/pull/293

* The "Actions" panel now contains tooltips for each button
  in case the button labels gets truncated by Qt.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/issues/292

* Custom `git config`-defined actions can now be run in the
  background by setting `guitool.<name>.background` to `true`.

Fixes
-----
* We now use bold fonts instead of SmallCaps to avoid
  artifacts on several configurations.

* We now pickup `user.email`, `cola.tabwidth`, and similar settings
  when defined in /etc/gitconfig.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/issues/259

* Better support for unicode paths when using inotify.

  https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1104181

* Unicode fixes for non-ascii locales.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/issues/266

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/issues/273

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/issues/276

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/issues/282

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/issues/298

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/issues/302

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/issues/303

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/issues/305

* Viewing history from the file browser was fixed for Python3.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/issues/274

* setup.py was fixed to install the `*.rst` documentation.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/issues/279

* Patch export was fixed for Python3.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/issues/290

* Fixed adding a bookmark with trailing slashes.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/pull/295

* The default `git dag` layout is now setup so that its widgets
  can be freely resized on Linux.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/issues/299

* Invalid tag names are now reported when creating tags.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/pull/296
