.. _v2.3:

git-cola v2.3
=============

Usability, bells and whistles
-----------------------------

* The Interactive Rebase feature now works on Windows!

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/issues/463

* The `diff` editor now understands vim-style `hjkl` navigation hotkeys.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/issues/476

* `Alt-{j,k}` navigation hotkeys were added to allow changing to the
  next/previous file from the diff and commit editors.

* The `Rename branch` menu action is now disabled in empty repositories.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/pull/475

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/issues/459

* `git cola` now checks unmerged files for conflict markers before
  staging them.  This feature can be disabled in the preferences.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/issues/464

* `git dag` now remembers which commits were selected when refreshing
  so that it can restore the selection afterwards.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/issues/480

* "Launch Editor", "Launch Difftool", "Stage/Unstage",
  and "Move Up/Down" hotkeys now work when the commit message
  editor has focus.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/issues/453

* The diff editor now supports the `Ctrl+u` hotkey for reverting
  diff hunks and selected lines.

* The `core.commentChar` Git configuration value is now honored.
  Commit messages and rebase instruction sheets will now use
  the configured character for comments.  This allows having
  commit messages that start with `#` when `core.commentChar`
  is configured to its non-default value.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/issues/446

Fixes
-----

* Diff syntax highlighting was improved to handle more edge cases
  and false positives.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/pull/467

* Setting commands in the interactive rebase editor was fixed.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/issues/472

* git-cola no longer clobbers the Ctrl+Backspace text editing shortcut
  in the commit message editor.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/issues/453

* The copy/paste clipboard now persists after `git cola` exits.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/issues/484
