.. _v2.4:

git-cola v2.4
=============

Usability, bells and whistles
-----------------------------

* The user interface is now HiDPI-capable.  git-cola now uses SVG
  icons, and its interface can be scaled by setting the `GIT_COLA_SCALE`
  environment variable.

* `git dag` now supports the standard editor, difftool, and history hotkeys.
  It is now possible to invoke these actions from file widget's context
  menu and through the standard hotkeys.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/pull/473

* The `Status` tool also learned about the history hotkey.
  Additionally, the `Alt-{j,k}` aliases are also supported in the `Status`
  tool for consistency with the other tools where the non-Alt hotkeys are not
  available.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/pull/488

* The `File Browser` tool now has better default column sizes,
  and remembers its window size and placement.

* The `File Browser` now supports the refresh hotkey, and has better
  behavior when refreshing.  The selection is now retained, and new and
  removed files are found when refreshing.

* A new `git-cola-completion.bash` completion script is provided in the
  `contrib/` directory.  It must be used alongside Git's completion script.
  Source it from your `~/.bashrc` (or `~/.zshrc`, etc) after sourcing
  the `git-completion.bash` script and you will have command-line completion
  support for the `git cola` and `git dag` sub-commands.

* The "checkout" dialog now offers completion for remote branches and other
  git refs.  This makes it easier to checkout remote branches in a detached
  head state.  Additionally, the checkout dialog also offers completion for
  remote branches that have not yet been checked out, which makes it easier to
  create a local tracking branch by just completing for that potential name.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/issues/390

* The "create branch" and "create tag" dialogs now save and restore their
  window settings.

* The "status" widget can now be configured to use a bold font with a darker
  background for the header items.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/pull/506

* The "status" widget now remembers its horizontol scrollbar position across
  updates.  This is helpful when working on projects with long paths.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/issues/494

Fixes
-----

* When using *Git for Windows*, a `git` window would appear
  when running *Windows 8*.  We now pass additional flags to
  `subprocess.Popen` to prevent a `git` window from appearing.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/issues/477

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/pull/486

* Launching difftool with `.PY` in `$PATHEXT` on Windows was fixed.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/issues/492

* Creating a local branch tracking a remote branch that contains
  slashes in its name is now properly handled.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/issues/496

* The "Browse Other Branch" feature was broken by Python3, and is now fixed.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/issues/501

* We now avoid `long` for better Python3 compatibility.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/issues/502

* We now use Git's default merge message when merging branches.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/issues/508

* Miscellaneous fixes

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/pull/485

Packaging
---------

* git-cola's documentation no longer uses an intersphinx link mapping
  to docs.python.org.  This fixes warnings when building rpms using koji,
  where network access is prevented.

  https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1231812
