.. _v2.5:

git-cola v2.5
=============

Usability, bells and whistles
-----------------------------

* The icon for untracked files was adjusted to better differentiate
  between files and the "Untracked" header.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/issues/509

* Ctrl+O was added as a hotkey for opening repositories.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/pull/507

* `git dag` now uses consistent edge colors across updates.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/issues/512

* `git cola`'s Bookmarks widget can now be used to set a "Default Repository".
  Under the hood, we set the `cola.defaultrepo` configuration variable.
  The default repository is used whenever `git cola` is launched outside of
  a Git repostiory.  When unset, or when set to a bogus value, `git cola`
  will prompt for a repository, as it previously did.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/issues/513

* `git cola`'s Russian and Spanish translations were improved
  thanks to Vaiz and Zeioth.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/pull/514

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/pull/515

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/pull/523

* `git cola` was translated to Turkish thanks to Barış ÇELİK.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/pull/520

* The status view now supports launching `git gui blame`.  It can be
  configured to use a different command by setting `cola.blameviewer`.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/pull/521

* `git dag` now allows selecting non-contiguous ranges in the log widget.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/issues/468

* Any font can now be chosen for the diff editor, not just monospace fonts.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/issues/525

Fixes
-----

* `xfce4-terminal` and `gnome-terminal` are now supported when launching
  `git mergetool` to resolve merges.  These terminals require that the command
  to execute is shell-quoted and passed as a single string argument to `-e`
  rather than as additional command line arguments.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/issues/524

* Fixed a unicode problem when formatting the error message that is shown
  when `gitk` is not installed.  We now handle unicode data in tracebacks
  generated by python itself.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/issues/528

* The `New repository` feature was fixed.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/pull/533

* We now use omit the extended description when creating "fixup!" commits,
  for consistency with the Git CLI.  We now include only the one-line summary
  in the final commit message.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/issues/522
