.. _v2.6:

git-cola v2.6
=============

Usability, bells and whistles
-----------------------------

* A new "Reset" sub-menu provides access to running "git reset --mixed"
  when resetting branch heads and "git reset  --merge" when resetting
  worktrees.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/issues/542

* `git cola` now supports linked worktrees, i.e. worktrees created by
  `git worktree`.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/issues/554

Fixes
-----

* Diff highlighting is now robust to the user having
  diff.supressBlankEmpty=true in their git config.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/issues/541

* The filesystem monitor now properly handles repositories that use
  `.git`-files, e.g. when using submodules.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/issues/545

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/pulls/546

* Per-repository git configuration is now properly detected when launching
  `git cola` from an application launcher.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/issues/548

* `git cola` now cleans up after itself immediately to avoid leaving behind
  empty `/tmp/git-cola-XXXXXX` directories when the user uses `Ctrl+C`
  to quit the app.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/issues/566

Packaging
---------

* It is now possible to install `git cola` to and from utf8-encoded filesystem
  paths.  Previously, Python's stdlib would throw an encoding error during
  installation.  We workaround the stdlib by forcing python2 to use utf-8,
  thus fixing assumptions in the stdlib library code.

  https://github.com/git-cola/git-cola/issues/551
